README.md, before:

# Mithril App and Authentication Sample

We are going to learn how to create a Conference Tracker Web App using the tiny yet mighty [Mithril framework](https://mithril.js.org/) &mdash; not be confused with the [fantasy metal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mithril) from _Lord of the Rings_. Auth0's Universal Login will power its user authentication layer &mdash; provide proper credentials or... _You Shall Not Pass_! 

The project is created from scratch using a combination of modern JavaScript and JSX. An easy to understand and extend Webpack configuration is included to provide transpiling, style loading, app serving and hot reloading to the project. 

## Dependencies

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) >= 6
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/)

## Installation

1. Clone this project or download it to your system.

2. Make the project folder your current directory. 

3. Install the required Node packages by running `npm install` or `yarn`.

4. Once the installation is complete, start the project by running `npm start` or `yarn start`. This will open a new tab or window in your default browser and load the web application at `localhost:8080`. 

## Production Build

To build a production version of the project run: 

```bash
yarn build
```

or

```bash
npm run build
```

Webpack will create a `dist` folder with an optimized production bundle. 

## Project Structure

Project working files are placed under the `src` folder. Within the `src` folder, files are organized according to their function in the context of the application. This ideal is represented through the following subfolders and files:

* `components`: It contains all the components that are used to build the application interface. Within this folder, components are categorized and grouped in folders that represent their common functionality &mdash; such as `ui` and `layout`. 
* `services`: It contains business logic that may need to be shared across more than one component. Instead of packing extensive logic within a component, that logic should be made a service and imported by the component that needs it.
* `store`: It holds mock data but may as well hold constructs that manage the state of the application built with libraries such as `rxjs` or `redux`. 
* `index.js`: It's the entry point of the application. The core logic of the application such as the `m.router`, `m.render` or `m.mount` reside here. The interface is composed from the different components and rendered here.
* `index.css`: It holds application-wide styling. Feel free to modify the styling or extend it.

In the root folder, we also find these key files:

* `index.html`: It's the core template for the application where our composed interface will be rendered. The hook in `index.html` where the interface is attached is `<div id="app">`. Our JavaScript logic is bundled by Webpack and made available to `index.html` through `<script src="/bundle.js">`.
* `.babelrc`: It holds all the Babel configuration that allows us to transpile modern JS and JSX into browser compatible JS. 
* `webpack.config.js`: It holds the webpack configuration. For deeper information on what's going on here, feel free to explore the [Webpack docs](https://webpack.js.org/).


## Authentication

To run the application successfully you need to have an active Auth0 account to provide the needed data to allow the application to talk to Auth0.

### What is Auth0?

Auth0 helps you to:

* Add authentication with [multiple authentication sources](https://docs.auth0.com/identityproviders), either social like **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce, among others**, or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS or any SAML Identity Provider**.
* Add authentication through more traditional **[username/password databases](https://docs.auth0.com/mysql-connection-tutorial)**.
* Add support for **[linking different user accounts](https://docs.auth0.com/link-accounts)** with the same user.
* Support for generating signed [Json Web Tokens](https://docs.auth0.com/jwt) to call your APIs and **flow the user identity** securely.
* Analytics of how, when and where users are logging in.
* Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile, through [JavaScript rules](https://docs.auth0.com/rules).

### Create a Free Auth0 Account

1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com) and click Sign Up.
2. Use Google, GitHub, or Microsoft Account to log in.


### Create a Client

1. In the Auth0 Dashboard click on "New Client".
2. Give the client a name. 
3. Choose "Single Page Web Applications" as the client type.
4. Choose "React" as the web app technology since it has a similar architecture to Mithril.
5. In the guide, scroll down to "Create an Authentication Service" and notice the configuration values within the `Auth` class. 
6. Create a new file called `auth0-variables.js` under the `services` folder. 
7. Within `auth0-variables.js` create and export an object with properties that map to the Auth0 web configuration data:

```javascript
const AUTH0 = {
  CLIENTID: '<your client id>',
  DOMAIN: '<your domain>',
  CALLBACKURL: '<your callback URL>',
  AUDIENCE: '<your audience URL>'
};

export default AUTH0;
```
8. As an important step, add `auth0-variables.js` to the `.gitignore` file so that it's never committed to source control.
9. Back in the Auth0 Dashboard, click on `Settings` under the client's name and scroll down till you find "Allowed Callback URLs". 
10. Paste your desired callback URL here &mdash; it may be your localhost address where the project is being run locally &mdash; and save the settings.

You are now ready to see the application working to its full extent!


## Issue Reporting

If you have found a bug or if you have a feature request, please report them at this repository issues section. Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/whitehat) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.

## Author

[Auth0](auth0.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

Provide information about audience property.

README.md, after:

# Mithril App and Authentication Sample

We are going to learn how to create a Conference Tracker Web App using the tiny yet mighty [Mithril framework](https://mithril.js.org/) &mdash; not be confused with the [fantasy metal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mithril) from _Lord of the Rings_. Auth0's Universal Login will power its user authentication layer &mdash; provide proper credentials or... _You Shall Not Pass_! 

The project is created from scratch using a combination of modern JavaScript and JSX. An easy to understand and extend Webpack configuration is included to provide transpiling, style loading, app serving and hot reloading to the project. 

## Dependencies

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) >= 6
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/)

## Installation

1. Clone this project or download it to your system.

2. Make the project folder your current directory. 

3. Install the required Node packages by running `npm install` or `yarn`.

4. Once the installation is complete, start the project by running `npm start` or `yarn start`. This will open a new tab or window in your default browser and load the web application at `localhost:8080`. 

## Production Build

To build a production version of the project run: 

```bash
yarn build
```

or

```bash
npm run build
```

Webpack will create a `dist` folder with an optimized production bundle. 

## Project Structure

Project working files are placed under the `src` folder. Within the `src` folder, files are organized according to their function in the context of the application. This ideal is represented through the following subfolders and files:

* `components`: It contains all the components that are used to build the application interface. Within this folder, components are categorized and grouped in folders that represent their common functionality &mdash; such as `ui` and `layout`. 
* `services`: It contains business logic that may need to be shared across more than one component. Instead of packing extensive logic within a component, that logic should be made a service and imported by the component that needs it.
* `store`: It holds mock data but may as well hold constructs that manage the state of the application built with libraries such as `rxjs` or `redux`. 
* `index.js`: It's the entry point of the application. The core logic of the application such as the `m.router`, `m.render` or `m.mount` reside here. The interface is composed from the different components and rendered here.
* `index.css`: It holds application-wide styling. Feel free to modify the styling or extend it.

In the root folder, we also find these key files:

* `index.html`: It's the core template for the application where our composed interface will be rendered. The hook in `index.html` where the interface is attached is `<div id="app">`. Our JavaScript logic is bundled by Webpack and made available to `index.html` through `<script src="/bundle.js">`.
* `.babelrc`: It holds all the Babel configuration that allows us to transpile modern JS and JSX into browser compatible JS. 
* `webpack.config.js`: It holds the webpack configuration. For deeper information on what's going on here, feel free to explore the [Webpack docs](https://webpack.js.org/).


## Authentication

To run the application successfully you need to have an active Auth0 account to provide the needed data to allow the application to talk to Auth0.

### What is Auth0?

Auth0 helps you to:

* Add authentication with [multiple authentication sources](https://docs.auth0.com/identityproviders), either social like **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce, among others**, or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS or any SAML Identity Provider**.
* Add authentication through more traditional **[username/password databases](https://docs.auth0.com/mysql-connection-tutorial)**.
* Add support for **[linking different user accounts](https://docs.auth0.com/link-accounts)** with the same user.
* Support for generating signed [Json Web Tokens](https://docs.auth0.com/jwt) to call your APIs and **flow the user identity** securely.
* Analytics of how, when and where users are logging in.
* Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile, through [JavaScript rules](https://docs.auth0.com/rules).

### Create a Free Auth0 Account

1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com) and click Sign Up.
2. Use Google, GitHub, or Microsoft Account to log in.


### Create a Client

1. In the Auth0 Dashboard click on "New Client".
2. Give the client a name. 
3. Choose "Single Page Web Applications" as the client type.
4. Choose "React" as the web app technology since it has a similar architecture to Mithril.
5. In the guide, scroll down to "Create an Authentication Service" and notice the configuration values within the `Auth` class. 
6. Create a new file called `auth0-variables.js` under the `services` folder. 
7. Within `auth0-variables.js` create and export an object with properties that map to the Auth0 web configuration data:

```javascript
const AUTH0 = {
  CLIENTID: '<your client id>',
  DOMAIN: '<your domain>',
  CALLBACKURL: '<your callback URL>',
  AUDIENCE: '<your audience URL>'
};

export default AUTH0;
```

> The audience is a parameter set during authorization, and it contains the unique identifier of the target API. This is how you tell Auth0 for which API to issue an Access Token, which is the intended audience of this token. If you do not want to access a custom API, then by setting the audience to yourdomain.auth0.com/userinfo, you can use the opaque Access Token to retrieve the user's profile.

8. As an important step, add `auth0-variables.js` to the `.gitignore` file so that it's never committed to source control.
9. Back in the Auth0 Dashboard, click on `Settings` under the client's name and scroll down till you find "Allowed Callback URLs". 
10. Paste your desired callback URL here &mdash; it may be your localhost address where the project is being run locally &mdash; and save the settings.

You are now ready to see the application working to its full extent!


## Issue Reporting

If you have found a bug or if you have a feature request, please report them at this repository issues section. Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/whitehat) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.

## Author

[Auth0](auth0.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.
